[auto-materialize] Add max materializations per minute (#14254)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/assets/asset-auto-execution.mdx

### Rules of auto-materialization

- Assets will not be auto-materialized if any of their ancestors are currently being auto-materialized.
- Assets will not be auto-materialized if any of their ancestors have not yet incorporated the newest materialization of their upstream assets.
- If the run to auto-materialize an asset fails, it can be retried if [run retries](/deployment/run-retries) are configured. Otherwise, Dagster won't try to auto-materialize that asset again until it would auto-materialize it if the failed run had succeeded. I.e., if an asset has a daily freshness policy, and it fails, Dagster won't auto-materialize it again until the next day.

> - By default, no more than one materialization of a given asset will be kicked off per mintue. Further materialization requests will be discarded, and will require manual backfilling to complete. This can be configured using the `max_materializations_per_minute` arugment to `AutoMaterializePolicy.eager()` and `AutoMaterializePolicy.lazy()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, no more than one materialization of a given asset will be kicked off per minute. Further materialization requests will be discarded, and will require manual backfilling to complete. This can be configured using the `max_materializations_per_minute` argument to `AutoMaterializePolicy.eager()` and `AutoMaterializePolicy.lazy()`.
```

Reviewer: Best to use `<PyObject object="AutoMaterializePolicy" method="eager" />`
